"# Bootloader_Project" 
	This is a simple project which takes in a data from flash and loads it into ram.
	This example does not include the jump to address code necessary in actual bootloader.
	
	This project was built in windows environment, the instructions that follow are for windows only.
	
	MinGW Makefiles is specified as the generator. They can be manually changed by editing build_all.bat or the individual m.bat in directory of Bootloader.

	CMake ver – 3.14.4

	Binary File  – bin.bin placed in root of Test App

	Test App – TestApp.7z (provided)

	Bootloader – Bootloader.7z (provided)

	To display more debug info(print statements) add #define DEBUG in Bootloader\bootloader.h file.

	The CRC function's polynomial is 0xEDB88320

	Bootloader – holds all source and lib and local bat files.
	
	TestApp – holds the test app src and bin file as well as build_all and clean_all bat files
	
	TestApp\bat\ - holds bat files that can be used to generate all the files and libboot.a that is required by TestApp to work.
		A main.exe file will be generated which will run the test app. 
		Changing the bat.bat file in TestApp\ and rerunning main.exe will print out new info based on that file.

	The project will come pre-built. If a different generator is specified clear the content of Bootloader\build\	then update build_all.bat with new generator and run.
	
	The library file (libboot.a) can be generated by itself if build using the bat files located in the Bootloader\bat\libboot.a.
	
	The library file is located under the Bootloader\build directory
	
	The header file that comes with the library is already located in TestApp\src\Bootloader.h

	The example app provided requires that the library file be placed in the TestApp\lib\ dir.

	This is automatically done if using the bat files provided. 
	
	If the bootloader_main function is successful it will print out Bootloader successfully loaded binary into RAM.
	
	It will then be followed by a buffer hex_dump of all the data written into RAM.
	
	Taking the CRC of each header including the crc value it has will always return 0x0; If not that  means the CRC in the file is incorrect.

	Open CMD:
	cd {ProjectDir}\TestApp\bat
	build_all.bat 
		This will generate all the files necessary
	main.exe
		This will launch the test app
		CMD will print out debug statements (if enabled) as well as SHA256 at the end if successful, as well as a hex dump of the RAM content.
